Multi tensors (#49)
scilus/dmri-explorer: README.md

![Banner logo](banner-logo.png)
# dmri-explorer : A Diffusion MRI Visualization Application

> A real-time diffusion MRI slicing application for Linux and Windows using `OpenGL 4.6`. It can visualize tensor and multi-tensor images in MRtrix, DIPY and FSL format as well as spherical functions expressed as a series of spherical harmonics coefficients in DIPY's `descoteaux07` legacy real symmetric or full SH basis (See [this link](https://dipy.org/documentation/1.4.1./theory/sh_basis/) for more details.). The application also supports grayscale, several color maps and color background images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A real-time diffusion MRI slicing application for Linux and Windows using `OpenGL 4.6`. It can visualize tensor and multi-tensor images in MRtrix, DIPY and FSL format as well as spherical functions expressed as a series of spherical harmonics coefficients in DIPY's `descoteaux07` legacy real symmetric or full SH basis (See [this link](https://dipy.org/documentation/1.4.1./theory/sh_basis/) for more details.). The application also supports grayscale and color background images. Several colormaps are available for tensor visualisation.
```
